README.md, before:

# Project 1: The Brochure Site

## Problem Statement

You've been learning HTML and CSS over the previous lessons. You've been
receiving specific guidance ("Use a `<link>` tag!") and have been steered by
our documentation or tests. In effort to help you build your confidence, we're
going to give you _nothing_ except some specifications and leave the document
structure and styling _to you_.  It's time to tie all your learning together
into one project. You must create....

![Alarmed kitten](https://media.giphy.com/media/11wjdvVFDf19cI/giphy.gif)

..._a brochure site_!

When the first web sites started to appear in the mid-nineties, _brochure
sites_ were the _only_ sites on the web. They were called _brochure sites_
because, well, like _brochures_ they provided static text and images, contact
information, a few divisions, and had a certain style.

## Requirements

1. Your site must use HTML5 semantic elements for grouping content e.g.
   `<header>`, `<article>`, and `<aside>`
2. Your HTML must pass validation
3. Your CSS must pass validation
4. Your site must use one of these layout: multicolumn with floats, `flexbox`,
   or CSS grid.
5. You must include _at least_ 3 images
6. Your site must be optimized for _at least_ 2 viewports (a full-screen device
   as well as a mobile device of choice). _See below_

![Full Size](https://curriculum-content.s3.amazonaws.com/web-development/exceptional-realty-screenshots/ex_realty_640x480.png)

_Full-size view of "Exceptional Realty"_

![Viewed in an iPhone Simulator](https://curriculum-content.s3.amazonaws.com/web-development/exceptional-realty-screenshots/ex_realty_404x760.png)

_Smaller screen size "Exceptional Realty." Notice how the logo has changed, the
text is now missing, etc._

These are baseline requirements. The goal of web design is to _serve the
content_. Implement whatever features are needed to serve your audience the
information they need.

## Not Specified

1. **The subject matter**.
   * A r&eacute;sum&eacute; or CV-like page with thumbnails of your work
   * A fan page like "Why [Sachin Tendulkar][ST] is the Greatest Sportsman of 3 generations"
   * A media preview page ("My list of [Phish][] Recordings with Audio Samples"). This
2. **The Number of pages**. The goal of web design is to serve the content. If
   multiple pages does this best, great. Google has become a multi-billion
   dollar company with the most deceptively simple landing page in history.
   Serve your page with user experience in mind.

## Optional Features

1. Deploy your site to web hosting
2. Buy a domain name and configure DNS so that your brochure site is reachable
   by name

[ST]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sachin_Tendulkar
[Phish]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Phish

Commit message:

Add lab-driven info for pleasing Learn

README.md, after:

# Project 1: The Brochure Site

## Problem Statement

You've been learning HTML and CSS over the previous lessons. You've been
receiving specific guidance ("Use a `<link>` tag!") and have been steered by
our documentation or tests. In effort to help you build your confidence, we're
going to give you _nothing_ except some specifications and leave the document
structure and styling _to you_.  It's time to tie all your learning together
into one project. You must create....

![Alarmed kitten](https://media.giphy.com/media/11wjdvVFDf19cI/giphy.gif)

..._a brochure site_!

When the first web sites started to appear in the mid-nineties, _brochure
sites_ were the _only_ sites on the web. They were called _brochure sites_
because, well, like _brochures_ they provided static text and images, contact
information, a few divisions, and had a certain style.

## Learning Objectives

1. Build a brochure site

## Build a Brochure Site

### Requirements

1. Your site must use HTML5 semantic elements for grouping content e.g.
   `<header>`, `<article>`, and `<aside>`
2. Your HTML must pass validation
3. Your CSS must pass validation
4. Your site must use one of these layout: multicolumn with floats, `flexbox`,
   or CSS grid.
5. You must include _at least_ 3 images
6. Deploy your site to web hosting
7. Your site must be optimized for _at least_ 2 viewports (a full-screen device
   as well as a mobile device). _See below_

![Full Size](https://curriculum-content.s3.amazonaws.com/web-development/exceptional-realty-screenshots/ex_realty_640x480.png)

_Full-size view of "Exceptional Realty"_

![Viewed in an iPhone Simulator](https://curriculum-content.s3.amazonaws.com/web-development/exceptional-realty-screenshots/ex_realty_404x760.png)

_Smaller screen size "Exceptional Realty." Notice how the logo has changed, the
text is now missing, etc._

These are baseline requirements. The goal of web design is to _serve the
content_. Implement whatever features are needed to serve your audience the
information they need.

### Not Specified

1. **The subject matter**.
   * A r&eacute;sum&eacute; or CV-like page with thumbnails of your work
   * A fan page like "Why [Sachin Tendulkar][ST] is the Greatest Sportsman of 3 generations"
   * A media preview page ("My list of [Phish][] Recordings with Audio Samples"). This
2. **The Number of pages**. The goal of web design is to serve the content. If
   multiple pages does this best, great. Google has become a multi-billion
   dollar company with the most deceptively simple landing page in history.
   Serve your page with user experience in mind.

### Completion and Moving On

In this lab there's a file called "MY URL." You must place your URL inside this
file. Afterward run `learn` and `learn submit`.

### Conclusion

In this lab you've reached a very important milestone: you've created a web
page from scratch and deployed it on the internet. You are really a web
developer now! You should feel comfortable editing templates, adjusting themes,
and debugging CSS / HTML issues. Congratulations. To continue learning more,
check out what JavaScript can do to make a web page more dynamic!

[ST]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sachin_Tendulkar
[Phish]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Phish
